We are boys like the gentlemen you play
the walls already put him to run attention
Now you will argañarás argañarás for maldonado
down the center ball that goes
taking espanyol the rejection is left to
Cáceres that tops and watches money from
lópez is prepared touches a fan
for you and go to the left until
the end by the center of time that of saw
with stands and goal
of youth antoniana did with are
on the prepared play
the grandmother youth at the top because
is in the saint in tucumán
good that sweet this youth already this
for good youth I wanted return
could win youth 10 try the
beaterio there are destinations problems bathrobe
the mouse and several until the end of the
court wins you get into the area what are you going
grabbing if the mouse follow the tones
that we say ahead balvorín when
I wanted to take the engine and more and
after the lift the center not so
low for the mouse went and stretched taco
for ricardo gets into the area and ends
in huelva ricardo plays behind
what youth kingdom of the saint with gave
ricardo got him gorostegui two to zero
because gorostegui got it good
definition of the west and almost at the point
penalty again for left the play
of youth ibáñez mouse that recovers
be for ricky gómez ricardo until the
back center back of zurda gorostegui
enter the middle of seven minutes
Look up a bounce is left for
to shut up like that would end up not down to
corner
by the way the pitch has
now we go fast videos of mice
center of montillo fernández with the
fists that of a man sense francisco
the whistle blew the curtain on
first act here let's go over a
Bank of San Jorge is enabled
satori valley is worth as new value inés
for toni valleys also in world by
valleys got the south downtown in this
center stadium wanted to be left the
ibáñez mouse you play them and caught no
I was accommodated for zeballos this
towards ricardo gomes has it capture the
mouse and goes and exports the mouse daily
to apply two goals with Ricardo
for ricky ions there comes the left-handed
crossed to get hit the stick
left of fernandez and stay
nested entangled in the network down
after the very good return to everything
big jiménez riki zurdazo with this
turn wait what happened jiménez is me
would be under veneva jiménez top
I dance varied with Maria's leg
the ball here come eva jiménez what happens to
cárdenas jiménez opening for salazar
to salazar down the ball goes to the
drawer or going up but it's not yet
such via tapia tapia open the ball
Attention to and cut Acosta finished off
goal
but now win 3 to 1
bad as in defense alone is here
is split by the right without evaluating
already from separation I grabbed it for me what
they returned arms
there's the previous play and the balvorín
look how they take it from the criminal zones
the cost of getting money to dance
in the sandbox is goal
navarro navarro navarro navarro pérez
rate lets it go through the ricardo the
ask navarro is the center for pérez
fare back came in Navarre and leaves the
serious of each game up for
navarro several moves are leaving
navarro now yes the fourth can be
Christian
barbara courts for mud and screams
youth and screams navarra because in
goes the navarro ball I dressed 24 euros
stories there was no time for the fourth
we had not asked dismantled san
Jorge before the great youth contra
pass from left to the center for Navarre
before the departure of the archer fernandez who
the knot was only going to the gift for
celebrate the fourth Antonian conquest
suspends assistance wins navarro and game
closes a great afternoon 4 to 1 the
pascutti team victory here in
tucumán before san jorge salazar
chalabe goes to find salazar strike
the donkey is worth
livestock such actions since
the match has also been finished